sabrina watson is the only child of the
wealthy watson family
her mother claudine and her father greg
watson live in martha's vineyard
the film starts off with sabrina and
bobby on the phone with a mistress and
he is having an affair
she asked god to help her again get out
of this situation
and she promises again not to have
another one night stand with anyone
and only have sex with her future
husband
one day she accidentally hits jason
taylor when driving and doesn't see him
she gets out to offer and overreacts
jason forgives her
and takes up a night of dinner with her
five months later after going out
sabrina tells jason about her job offer
in china
and asked him to still be with her in a
long-distance relationship
but jason declines she walks off sad and
soon hear a musical group singing and
jason comes back
and asks her to marry him which she
accepts
sabrina's mother is running the wedding
she has doubts but trusts her daughter
after the couple talked to reverend
james
they decide to stay while a driver picks
up jason's family and friends
jason's group is his insecure mother pam
his charming uncle willie earl
pam's best friend shonda and jason's
cousin malcolm
also appearing is sabrina's aunt geneva
now their first meeting is awkward
as everyone seems to dislike each other
and they make small rude remarks
pam becomes annoyed by sabrina's acts of
kindness
and counts three strikes already against
her
sabrina talks to her friends during the
cocktail party one of them
being her maid of honor of life while
blythe goes to get more wine
she meets chef mckenna and both
instantly feel a connection
shonda also meets sabrina's cousin
sebastian who is
instantly drawn to her shonda is
attracted to him as well
but she feels uncomfortable because she
thinks he's too young for her
during the dinner at night pam gives a
rude blessing and has a fight with
claudine
but this is stopped by gray claudine
also says
in french that she thinks greg is having
an affair with his associate amanda
while outside pam listens in on geneva
and claudine fighting
and finds out that geneva is actually
sabrina's mother
and gave sabrina to claudine and greg
after she was born
during the bachelor party sabrina and
jason have a fight about his mother
wanting them to be jumping the broom
malcolm talks to jason and complains and
asks why he isn't the best man
jason tells him that they haven't been
best friends in years
and malcolm has only been there to ask
for money
when jason leaves and tries to apologize
to sabrina
chef mckenna is busy kissing blythe and
doesn't notice the food which begins to
burn
which sets off the alarm
sabrina closes the door on him but they
make up through text
however they have doubts about the
wedding
in the morning everything begins
normally the boys have a friendly game
of football
though pam tries to tell jason about
claudine and geneva's secret
blyth also talks to mckenna about the
relationship mckenna tells her that he
thinks she is beautiful and a
relationship is still an option
while pam is getting fitted for a dress
she tries to comfort sabrina about the
secret but is interrupted when jason
gets hurt
when pushed by malcolm pam tells sabrina
to ask her parents
who are her real parents claudine and
geneva tell the truth which hurts
sabrina
and causes her to drive off and cancel
the wedding
jason confronts his mother and tells her
he is a grown man
and to stop treating him like a little
boy
jason tells everyone to look for sabrina
and also punches malcolm
jason prays to god to help him
geneva is called by sabrina who is at
the docks in a boat
geneva gives the story of sabrina's
father he was a man
in paris whom she loved and planned to
travel the world with
but she soon found out he had a wife and
a child
and she returned home alone and pregnant
jason meets back with sabrina and the
two reconciled
sabrina goes back home to dress she gets
a broom and a note from pam saying she
is returning home
and is sorry she chases down pam and
asks her to stay
they forgive each other and pam agrees
to stay
jason and sabrina have the wedding and
also jump the broom
after the wedding sebastian kisses
shonda finally winning her affections
and presumably begins a relationship
greg and claudine reconcile
and she reveals that she has secret
funds and that they are still
wealthy malcolm and amy the wedding
planner starts sharing a moment together
in which she asks if he wants to dance
with her
and he accepts
at the end the whole family happily does
the cupid shuffles
of happiness